builder: don't log requests/responses by default (#368)
hashicorp/packer-plugin-azure: docs/README.md

  associated with your service principal principal. See [Azure Active
  Directory docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-certificate-credentials)
  for more information.

## Troubleshooting

> As with any Packer plugin, you may produce verbose logs if you encounter a problem, and the normal logs don't help narrow down the issue.
> To do so, you will need to set the `PACKER_LOG` environment variable to a non-zero value (e.g. "1", "y", or any non-empty string).
> This will enable some verbose logs that can help you figure out which part of the process errors, and hopefully why.
> 
> In addition to this, you may also enable the `PACKER_AZURE_DEBUG_LOG` environment variable, in addition to `PACKER_LOG`.
> Enabling this will add request/response inspection in the logs, along with the body sent with each request to the Azure APIs.
> 
> ~> Warning: the `PACKER_AZURE_DEBUG_LOG` variable is very verbose, and may expose sensitive information in the logs.
>    For this reason, we strongly advise only enabling this in a trusted environment, and only for a temporary debugging session.

Reviewer: Small rewrite to remove wordy sentences 

```suggestion

As with any Packer plugin, you may produce verbose logs to troubleshoot if the default output does not help narrow down the issue. To do so, you can set the `PACKER_LOG` environment variable to a non-zero value (e.g. "1" or any non-empty string) to enable verbose logs that can help you figure out which part of the process errors and hopefully why.

In addition to this, you may also enable the `PACKER_AZURE_DEBUG_LOG` environment variable in alongside  `PACKER_LOG` for visibility into the API calls being made to the Azure platform. Enabling this will add HTTP response inspection in the logs and the body sent with each request to the Azure APIs.

~> Warning: the `PACKER_AZURE_DEBUG_LOG` variable contains a high degree of verbosity and may expose sensitive information in the logs. For this reason, we strongly advise only enabling this in a trusted environment and only for a temporary debugging session.
```

Author: LGTM, thanks for the reword
